JP-3774 Propagate the Saturation flags to IFU cubes (#10712)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/10712.cube_build.rst

> Passing saturated flags to cube_build c code and removed flagging holes in cube

Reviewer: Rephrase for clarity and grammar:
```suggestion
Pass saturated flags to ``cube_build`` C code and remove support for flagging holes in cube coverage.
```

Author: done
